Access. BY USING THIS WEB SITE YOU AGREE TO THE TERMS AND CONDITIONS EXPRESSED HERE. They apply exclusively to your access to, and use of, this Web site and do not alter in any way the Terms and Conditions of any other agreement you may have with Petromac.

General. Petromac operates and maintains this Web site, at least in part, from Auckland, New Zealand.

Contacts. Address technical questions or comments about the Petromac Web site to the Petromac Web Team. Direct general questions to Petromac Corporate Communications. For other communications, direct as indicated in the following paragraphs.

Privacy. See the Petromac Privacy Policy.

Submissions. Except as otherwise provided in a separate written agreement between you and Petromac, you agree that any materials, including but not limited to questions, comments, suggestions, ideas, discoveries, plans, notes, drawings, original or creative materials, or other information, provided by you in the form of e-mail or electronic submissions to Petromac, or postings at this Web site, are nonconfidential and shall become the sole property of Petromac to the fullest extent permitted by applicable law. Petromac shall own exclusive rights and shall be entitled to the unrestricted use of these materials for any purpose, commercial or otherwise, without acknowledgment or additional compensation to you. In the event applicable law operates to prevent Petromac from becoming the sole owner of any such property, then this provision shall be effective as granting to Petromac (with unfettered rights of assignment) a perpetual, worldwide, paid-in-full, nonexclusive right (including any moral rights) and license to make, use, sell, reproduce, modify, adapt, publish, translate, create derivative works from, distribute, communicate to the public, perform and display the content (in whole or in part) worldwide and or to incorporate it in other works in any form, media, or technology now known or later developed, for the full term of any rights that may exist in any such material.

Copyrights, trademarks, and permissions. You acknowledge that Petromac or third parties granting rights to Petromac hold title to all materials on this site, which are the copyrighted works of Petromac or the third parties, with all rights reserved. Such materials include but are not limited to design, text, graphics, files, photographs, video and audio clips, and the selection and arrangement thereof. Petromac authorizes you to view and use the Web site with the following restrictions: 1) use must be solely for your personal informational and noncommercial use; 2) downloading is limited to one electronic or hard copy of limited portions; 3) each page downloaded must include this copyright statement displayed in a prominent position: " Petromac. All rights reserved."; 4) materials cannot be modified, forwarded, displayed, distributed, performed, or published in any media without the prior written permission of Petromac.

You may not frame or use framing techniques to enclose any portion of this site without the express written consent of Petromac. You may not use meta tags or any other hidden text using the Petromac name or trademarks and service marks without the express written consent of Petromac.

No commercial use of the information on or under this Web site is licensed or permitted. The use of automated systems (robots, spiders, or any other data-mining or similar data-gathering and extraction tools) to access, acquire, or download information on this Web site is expressly prohibited where such systems are employed in connection with commercial objectives, or in a fashion that directly or indirectly violates the privacy interests of any individual. The word "Petromac," the Petromac logo, and the products and services described in this Web site are either trademarks, trade names, or service marks of Petromac and its licensors, or are the property of their respective owners. These marks may not be copied, imitated, or used, in whole or in part, without the express prior written permission of Petromac or their respective owners, and then with the proper acknowledgments. In addition, page headers, custom graphics, button icons, and scripts may be service marks, trademarks, or trade dress of Petromac, and may not be copied, imitated, or used, in whole or in part, without the prior written permission of Petromac.

Contact Petromac with queries regarding these issues.

Petromac software. Any Petromac software, including any files, images incorporated in or generated by the software, and data accompanying the software (collectively "Software"), that may be made available on this Web site is licensed to you by Petromac for your personal, noncommercial use, and no ownership rights pass to you. You shall not copy, distribute, sell, modify, transfer, decompile, reverse engineer, disassemble, or create derivative works from any Software.

Hyperlinks. Petromac makes no claim or representation regarding, and accepts no responsibility for, the quality, content, nature, or reliability of Web sites accessible by hyperlink from this Web site, or Web sites linking to this Web site.

Disclaimer. THIS WEB SITE AND THE MATERIALS UNDER THIS WEB SITE ARE PROVIDED ON AN "AS IS" AND "AS AVAILABLE" BASIS WITHOUT WARRANTIES OF ANY KIND, EITHER EXPRESS OR IMPLIED. PETROMAC DISCLAIMS ALL WARRANTIES, EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE, TITLE, AND NONINFRINGEMENT. PETROMAC DOES NOT REPRESENT OR WARRANT THAT MATERIALS IN THIS WEB SITE ARE ACCURATE, COMPLETE, RELIABLE, CURRENT, OR ERROR-FREE. PETROMAC DOES NOT REPRESENT OR WARRANT THAT THIS WEB SITE OR ITS SERVER(S) ARE FREE OF VIRUSES OR OTHER HARMFUL COMPONENTS.

Petromac reserves the right to change any and all content contained on this Web site at any time without notice. References to any products, services, processes, or other information, by trade name, trademark, manufacturer, supplier, or otherwise does not constitute or imply endorsement, sponsorship, or recommendation thereof by Petromac.

Limitation of liability. IN NO EVENT SHALL PETROMAC BE LIABLE FOR ANY DIRECT, SPECIAL, INDIRECT, OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES, OR ANY OTHER DAMAGES OF ANY KIND, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, LOSS OF USE, LOSS OF PROFITS, OR LOSS OF DATA, WHETHER IN AN ACTION IN CONTRACT, TORT (INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO NEGLIGENCE), OR OTHERWISE, ARISING OUT OF OR IN ANY WAY CONNECTED WITH THE USE OF THIS WEB SITE OR THE MATERIALS CONTAINED IN, OR ACCESSED THROUGH, THIS WEB SITE.

Applicable laws. The laws of New Zealand shall govern the construction and interpretation of these Terms and Conditions and the rights of the parties hereunder. By accessing or placing orders under this Web site, you acknowledge that you have read, understood, and agreed to be bound by these Terms and Conditions and by all applicable laws and regulations, including U.S. Export control laws and regulations. Visitors who do not agree with these Terms and Conditions should not access or place orders through this Web site. Any controversy or claim arising out of or relating to your use of this Web site or any services provided hereunder shall be settled by binding arbitration to be held in the English language in Auckland, New Zealand, in accordance with the commercial arbitration rules of the International Chamber of Commerce.

Termination. Notwithstanding any of these Terms and Conditions, Petromac reserves the right, without notice and in its sole discretion, to terminate your license to use this Web site and to block or prevent future access to and use of this Web site.

Severability. If any provision of these Terms and Conditions shall be deemed unlawful, void, or for any reason unenforceable, then that provision shall be deemed severable from these Terms and Conditions and shall not affect the validity and enforceability of any remaining provisions.

Language. It is at the express consent of the parties that the present agreement be written in English.

Changes to these Terms. Petromac reserves the right to change, modify, or update these Terms and Conditions of Use, at any time without notice. The date of the latest update is presented below.

Last updated: 30 September 2025 Version 1.2
